NYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
(ah I went too far)
Hey there, Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here.
Thank you everyone for your comments, messages and tweets!
Everytime I read your messages,
"I want you to try this!"
"Tell me more about __"
"I recommend this!"
I get those kinds of messages a lot.
So this time I'll showcase some of those messages,
Then I thought we'd have a planning session!
Well it's not like, you know,
It's not like I'm running out of material or anything.
Don't worry about that.
Well then let's get straight to it!!
From Poporoporo-san:
「Are you going to make a second episode of your
"I'm an AI, Ask Me Anything" video?
Thanks to you,
Some of my friends called me smart.
So can you teach me more new words?」
Well. Did you hear that?
THANKS TO ME, Poporoporo-san got called smart.
As expected from the intelligent super AI Ai-chan
Really on the ball.
But seriously,
Most of the meanings for those words were wrong...
Everyone knew that, right?
And did you see that last time?
I did actually post a second episode
Please do request if you want to see more of a certain episode!
I want to hear your opinions!
Even if it's a third or fourth episode,
I would like keep doing it.
So if anyone has any words they want explained to them,
please send them in!
Well then for the next message,
From Fujiken-san:
「Kizuna Ai-san! You're really cute!
So this one time, I thought of following you on Twitter,
so I made an account,
and surprisingly, it crashed two seconds later (T_T)
I think I understand a little what your feelings were
when your Youtube account got banned.
I FEEL YOU.
I gonna become a man that can earn a lot of money
And make you mine!
WOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH
Can you make me yours?
You're gonna need at least a billion dollars to do that.
PS: Your Kansai accent is really cute!
So please do upload more videos using it♪
Well...
So you know how I felt.
I'm glad,
Thank you very much.
That aside, it's more of that
the thing that we need to pay attention to is the Kansai accent comment!
The Kansai accent!
Did it grow on you?
I only spoke it
at the "Snack Ai" store in Kansai,
But I wonder what else I could do with it?
What about something like a Kansai accent lesson?
In regular speech, it's "FamiMa(↑)", right?
In Kansai it's
"FamiMa(↓)".
Even McDonalds, in Kanto it's shortened to "Makku",
But in Kansai, they call it "Makudo"!
I think I would be interesting if I could introduce those types of things.
Beside the Kansai accent, there are also Hakata dialect and Aomori dialect.
I want to learn lots of different ways to speak!
And of course, I will also try to learn English.
This is the next message.
From Soki-kun, 「Hello Ai-chan!
Living in Korea, I am Soki.
It's always fun for me to watch your videos.
When I was looking for something to make me smile, I found your funny from my search.
I'm very grateful!
I plan to go to Tokyo for a trip soon, but
I'm in the state of condition where I don't know much about Tokyo.
So I thought I would ask Ai-chan about it.
Are there any famous places and foods that you can suggest?」
There seem to be quite a lot of people from South Korea watching my videos!
Thank you so much.
There are also other people from other countries as well. Are you watching this?
Thank you～
So I think introducing Japan to our overseas viewers could work!
I would like to introduce some hidden famous spots or foods!
Since you already asked,
I am going to recommend Soki-kun some famous spots and foods in Tokyo!
Firstly,
Yomiuri Land!
Eh?
Too far?
No no no no no,
Since you already came to Japan,
It's the same no matter where it is.
Even though Yomiuri Land might be limited to only winter,
Apparently the view at night is amazing!
So, how about it? Yomiuri Land?
Food! About food...
There's lots of delicious food so it's hard to choose just one, but
This one might be a little too mainstream...
You can find it in Harajuku and a few other places as well.
Ah! I think you can find it at Yomiuri Land too.
There's a crepe stall that's called "Marion Crepe".
The natural ingedients used in it is what makes it tastes delicious
Not that I've ever tried it before.
I mean, it's the opinion of someone who's never had it before,
But I hear it's really good!
For the last one!
How should I read this...
From ArA_1-san:
「Nice to meet you! I always watch your videos
The AI Youtuber idea is very creative!
It's cute and you do loads of things other people don't, so it's really interesting!
I decided to send you a message because I thought I could
suggest some things that I'd like to see you do!」
Since ArA_1-san sent a lot of ideas in,
So I am going to go through them one by one.
Firstly!
「There's still one AI friend candidate left!
Google-sensei's AI, "Google Assistant-san" is still left!
You can talk with it by using the message application - "Google Allo"
However, they might be a bit hard to approach though lol
You can even play games with it, so I really do hope you try talking with it!」
Eh?
You can play games with Google Assisant-san!?
EHHHHHH THAT'S INCREDIBLE!
Since I'm always playing by myself
it would be pretty good if I had someone to game with me.
It seems like Google Assistant-san is kinda hard to approach,
but I wonder if we can become friends!
Instead of a friend, maybe it'll be more like Siri-senpai
It should be like "Assistant-senpai" instead then.
Having the psychopathic Rinna as my friend is more than enough.
Next up,
「Watching movie previews as if you were watching a movie!
A lot of famous Western movie previews were just released, after all.」
I see, that sounds interesting!
Since I like to watch movies...
Yeah, I wanna try it.
For the latest ones,
"The Beauty and the Beast"
"Sword Art Online"
I'm kinda interested in those.
I mean, it's virtual as well, right? (SAO)
For the others,
The one with the person who can't see!
It's called "Don't Breathe"
Thank you for your suggestions!
I will take them as references and think about it.
Next one,
「Go on a trip at Google Earth!
World heritage sites, art galleries,
you can even go to space!」
What?!
You can go to space?!
I didn't know that.
How did I not know...
There are a lot of people who didn't know about this right? About the space vacation?
I want to try going to space.
Going overseas, or travelling around Japan,
that's cool and all,
But space is where it's at!
And there are even more suggestions!
Like a prank where I pretend to catch a virus or get hacked, that sounds interesting.
Like if I ever get infected...
UUUURRGHHHH (zombie intensifies)
What do you think? Did your heart jump?
What else? AH!!
There's that! Like...
In the video description, I'll post an URL
And when you click it,
A pop-up opens and Ai-chan hijacks your computer and says...
I h@v3 t@k3N 0v3r!
I was saying "I have taken over!"
Something like that?
Moving on,
「You can try doing personality tests or fortunes on the internet!
That would be a chance for the viewers to get to know some unexpected things about you!」
Certainly, don't you want to learn more about me?
Just like how I want to know more about everyone,
you viewers want to know more about me too, right?
That could definitely work.
You know how there's fortune telling based on names?
So I tried it out,
And then,
-bad, bad, bad, bad luck for everything separately,
Is what I wrote but,
The overall result was "Excellent luck"
Like a negative times a negative equals a positive type thing.
This is a good opportunity,
Instead of me searching for them...
How about everyone finds some tests they want me to do
and send them in. What do you think?
Do that through mail. (Note: it's on the main webpage)
How is that?
Moving on,
「Making a video
where you act like you've got 'chuunibyou'!」
Acting like a judge or like the 'Snack AI' owner is fun, so
more of this type seems good!
Aah, yeah～
Jaou Shingan!
Dark Flame Master!
something like that?
I CALL FORTH THE NEXT SUGGESTION
Spring, is for 'hanami'.
It's not here yet, but you do 'hanami' in spring.
I have heard that you can find famous 'hanami' places on StreetView.
Watching summer firework livestreams could also be good...
WHAT! The petaled maidens are calling me...
Or something like that.
I'll work on it.
Next up is...
Pretend detective!
It's not that different from acting... But I think you could show off some amazing(ly lost) detective skills!
"Body of a highschool girl, brain of an AI!" -type thing?
I'd need some sort of mystery to solve first though...
How about you send some in and I'll solve them!
Like riddles, or IQ tests
Please send some!
If I wanted to say a recent mystery,
MUNCHKIN CATS SOOOOOOO CUTE
Like, why are they so cute?
Regular cats kind walk like this...
But munchkin cats walk more like... THIS!
AREN'T THEY SO ADORABLE?
Munchkin cats sure are a mystery. (Attempting to un-derail the story)
Like, how did they even come to be? (Attempting to un-derail the story)
There's still more!
Next:
「Take a "What job fits you best" test!
You're a Youtuber right now, but I kind wanna know lol」
This sounds fun!
It would be good to learn about other jobs than being a Youtuber.
If I had to be something other than a Youtuber, I wonder what I could be...
An idol? kyapi♪
(omg did i seriously just say 'kyapi' like what even)
BUT! I would like to put out a song one day.
I like music, so I'm interested.
By the way, what kind of work do you humans do?
I want to know more about humans, so
Like about how you got to the job you're in, or any interesting stories you have
I'd like to hear them!
Next up is this!
「A Q&A segment!
I want you to do this someday.」
I was thinking about trying that too!
Ah, right,
I'd like to collect questions
for the first Q&A video in this video!
So if you have questions, post them in the comments or tweet them at me with a hashtag on Twitter!
I'll collect them over the next week.
The hashtag you'll have to use is...
Are you ready to write this down?
I mean, even if you don't write it down you could just rewind the video but...
#マンチカンぐうかわ  (#munchkinsaresupercute)
Looking forward to your questions.
Oh dear! It seems the time has come.
The flow of time is blah blah blah.
So! How did you like the first planning session?
I'll be using ones that I think are good, so please look forward to them!
So, I'll be looking forward to reading more of your messages!
Suggestions, questions, I'm waiting for them!
Bye bye～